This is the Report for the BASH script to perform "Rock, Paper, and Scissors" game;
[vm020706 Thu Apr 12 013:26:30 ~]$ 
[897755377@vclvm030402 Thu Apr 12 13:31:39 ~]$

For this assignemnt we were asked to make our first BASH script. I began with
writing down the process of the game. At first I passed in an argument from
the command line. That argument was either Paper, Scissors or Rock(I
changed it to a while loop once my program was complete and working so that it
can be a continuous game untiil the user decides not to play anymore by
pressing q). Since i used a parameter value initially I did not have to use
read, but only used userChoice=$1. The next step was to get a random value
between 1 and 3. I found that getting a random number and modding it would get
me a value of 0, 1, 2 thus by adding 1 to these numbers would get me 1, 2, or
3. Since my user choice was not a number but characters, I created an array so
that I could match the numbers 1, 2, 3 to Rock, Paper, Scissors. This allows
for the comparison of the user choice with the random choice for the computer. 
In order to find out who is the winner I wrote down the outcomes of the game
based on all the user and computer input. I created if statements for when the
user would be the winner first so that I would provide a smooth flow. Then I
went on to include the if statemnents for when the computer wins. I went back
and created the variables for winner and set it to a string mentioning who the
winner was. This variable would change or not change, depending on every
outcome of the if statements. The last part for creating the game was to
output the timestamp, human input, computer input, and winner on a test file
as the game play record. This was done by creating a variable for the
directory, file and timestamp. I went through a lot of trouble with the
timestamp because I kept getting errors with not putting the correct spacing
and uppercase letters. Using mkdir -p "directory" I created the directory that
would house all the game play record. Using echo "information" >> file, I was
able to output the information required of us into the file that included the
Title_Month_DayInteger_Day_Hour_Minute. By navigating into the direcotry of
RPS_Month_Year you can see the amount of games that have been played. By
viewing the files inside of the directory you can see the information about
the games that were played. 
